Try making the encryption clearer (#20661)
metabase/metabase: docs/operations-guide/encrypting-database-details-at-rest.md

start Metabase as usual:

    MB_ENCRYPTION_SECRET_KEY="IYqrSi5QDthvFWe4/WdAxhnra5DZC3RKx3ZSrOJDKsM=" java -jar metabase.jar
    
**Note** Some versions of Linux interpret single-quotes (`'`) and double-quotes (`"`) differently for environment variable values, so if you upgrade to a newer version of Linux, and the key originally used single-quotes, you might need to wrap the key in double-quotes, so that the single-quotes are interpreted literally. For example, `MB_ENCRYPTION_SECRET_KEY='IYq...sM='` would be `MB_ENCRYPTION_SECRET_KEY="'IYq...sM='"`

>Take care not to lose this key because you can't decrypt connection details without it. If you lose (or change) the key, you'll have to reset all of the connection details that have been encrypted with it in the Admin Panel.

> Metabase will securely encrypt and store the connection details for any new Databases you add. If you added databases before setting this value, you can encrypt the connection details by going to each one of those databases in the Settings and clicking on the "Save" button. Also, any existing databases with unencrypted details will continue to work normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you set the `MB_ENCRYPTION_SECRET_KEY` value, Metabase will securely encrypt and store the connection details for each new database that you add. 

If you added databases before setting the `MB_ENCRYPTION_SECRET_KEY` value, you can encrypt the connection details by going to each one of those databases in **Admin settings** > **Databases** and clicking on the "Save" button. Existing databases with unencrypted details will continue to work normally.
```
